In this lecture, we are going to look at the steps you are going to follow when configuring Ingenix
to start your journey using Engine Ingenix, the first step is to secure and optimize the main engine
X configuration file.
Then you need to create the relevant directories that will store your WordPress sites.
Then it's back to Engine X, where you need to configure Engine X to serve your various sites.
You can think of this as configuring Engine X virtual hosts.
In Engine X terms, there are no virtual hosts, but rather server blocks.
The next step involves creating the database that will store all your WordPress site information.
The WordPress command line interface makes administering multiple WordPress sites exceptionally easy.
It's during this stage that you will discover the true power of using the command line.
We need to install WPEC Allai and look at a few of the commands by typing a few WPEC Alah commands.
You are going to install a WordPress site.
Securing WordPress is extremely important.
You will start by securing WordPress using the command line.
Then you will continue securing WordPress, this time using various Ingenix Directive's cert but offers
free SSL certificates.
There is no reason why you can't take advantage of this and serve all your sites over SSL.
It's also good for search engine rankings.
After creating the SSL certificates, you then need to configure secure Ingenix server blocks.
Support SSL certificates are only valid for 90 days, so let's set up our server to automatically renew
the certificates once a month.
I'd like to point out that I've included the database and WPEC ally in the Engine X configuration section
as it's all part of using Engine X as your web server to display your WordPress sites.
When you configure a content management system, you cannot look at one component in isolation engine
X, Marea, DB P, seven WordPress.
They are all related.
There is a lot of work that awaits you.
But as always, I'll take you step by step explaining why every step needs to be completed before performing
that step.
Take it one step at a time and very soon you will master how to configure Engine X on your very own
server.
If you are not sure about something, please remember the course Q&A.
I'm there to help and guide you if you run into any problems with the course content.
That was a brief overview of the steps we are going to follow in configuring Engine X.